9 p.m. on a saturday night and we're at
tharixer vs and essex to join over 100
Scooby's as they drive through some of
London's best tunnels why well because
we can not wanting to stand out we've
borrowed keys to renters WRX ison renson
we've got a full tank of super unleaded
belly full of KFC you ready to go well
go get lost
suppose a bit lost I'm not sure what
city were in or even what country were
in but we're somewhere
it's okay we've got a map we decided to
go our own way
luckily after 15 minutes driving around
like babes we actually end up at the
Millennium Dome hoy just as a load of
other Scooby's arrived in may for a bit
lobster butter Sims of caught up
we've spent the next two hours driving
around the capital hitting as many
tunnels as possible before we eventually
run out fuel
hey
yeah you stink stinking commie oh yeah
okay fine then
around again
it's about 1am and we're ready for bed
to be honest oh well at least we have
got a two-hour drive home so so I speed
line without Gary's license it's fine no
we've enjoyed having you on the mag p
but if you have to go you have to go